[DOC-228] Update documentation to reflect the new Ed-Fi Terminology Guidelines (#441)
Ed-Fi-Alliance-OSS/ed-fi-alliance-oss.github.io: docs/getting-started/sea-playbook/data-governance/guidelines-and-expectations-for-states-using-ed-fi-standards.md

> # Guidelines and Expectations for States Using the Ed-Fi Technology Suite

Reviewer: In this case, I think "Data Standard" is actually more appropriate.
```suggestion
# Guidelines and Expectations for States Using the Ed-Fi Data Standard
```
